John lives here and works here,
which means that he has to move across the city to get to work.
But life isn't just work.
John has more things to get done during the day.
Wouldn't it be great if this daily commute could be integrated?
So John wouldn't have to connect to each point separately paying.
For example,
just one mobility bill.
That's where we come in A to B connects companies to public
authorities providing solutions for mobility payments and operations,
ensuring that mobility networks are open to everyone including
towing with manual and electronic payments,
using vehicle beacons or mobile apps,
parking all the way from accessing the parks to easy payments,
vehicle sharing,
whether it is a car trip or a last mile,
bike ride,
drive throughs from food places to groceries and drug stores,
fueling with effortless tag payments,
public transport which means linking trains,
ferries,
taxis,
subways,
buses,
you name it.
Every mobility operator is invited to play its part along with the
organizations that manage the road and city traffic,
ensuring that all this flow flows this
way traveling and commuting becomes a seamless mobility experience for
John and everybody else because it's not just about going from A to
B,
it's about transforming the ride,
making it easier,
safer,
more sustainable and fulfilling.
And when John gets to the end,
it's more than A B,
it's A beyond A to B mobility
beyond.